---
page_title: "sonarqube_permissions Resource - terraform-provider-sonarqube"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Sonarqube Permissions resource. This resource can be used to manage global and project permissions. It supports importing using the format 'principal(:scope)' where principal is login_name or group_name or special_group_name and the optional scope is project_key (p_), template_id (t_) or template_name (tn_) with prefixes. Example: group1:tn_test_template_name
---

# sonarqube_permissions (Resource)

Provides a Sonarqube Permissions resource. This resource can be used to manage global and project permissions. It supports importing using the format 'principal(:scope)' where principal is login_name or group_name or special_group_name and the optional scope is project_key (p_), template_id (t_) or template_name (tn_) with prefixes. Example: group1:tn_test_template_name

## Example Usage

### Example: Set global admin permissions for a group called "my-admins"
```terraform
resource "sonarqube_permissions" "my_global_admins" {
  group_name  = "my-admins"
  permissions = ["admin"]
}
```

### Example: Set project admin permissions for a group called "my-project-admins"
```terraform
resource "sonarqube_permissions" "my_project_admins" {
  group_name  = "my-project-admins"
  project_key = "my-project"
  permissions = ["admin"]
}
```

### Example: Set project admin permissions for a group called "my-project-admins on a permission template"
```terraform
resource "sonarqube_permissions" "internal_admins" {
  group_name  = "my-internal-admins"
  template_id = sonarqube_permission_template.template.id
  permissions = ["admin"]
}
```

### Example: Set codeviewer & user permissions on project level for a user called "johndoe"
```terraform
resource "sonarqube_permissions" "john_project_read" {
  login_name  = "johndoe"
  project_key = "my-project"
  permissions = ["codeviewer", "user"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `permissions` (Set of String) A list of permissions that should be applied. Possible values are: `admin`, `codeviewer`, `issueadmin`, `securityhotspotadmin`, `scan`, `user`.

### Optional

- `group_name` (String) The name of the Group that should get the specified permissions. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Cannot be used with `login_name` and `special_group_name`.
- `login_name` (String) The name of the user that should get the specified permissions. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Cannot be used with `group_name` and `special_group_name`.
- `project_key` (String) Specify if you want to apply project level permissions. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Cannot be used with `special_group_name`, `template_id` and `template_name`.
- `special_group_name` (String) The name of the Special Group that should get the specified permissions. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Cannot be used with `login_name` and `group_name`.
- `template_id` (String) Specify if you want to apply the permissions to a permission template. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Cannot be used with `project_key` and `template_name`.
- `template_name` (String) Specify if you want to apply the permissions to a permission template. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Cannot be used with `project_key` and `template_id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
