---
page_title: "sonarqube_qualitygate Resource - terraform-provider-sonarqube"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Sonarqube Quality Gate resource. This can be used to create and manage Sonarqube Quality Gates and their Conditions.
---

# sonarqube_qualitygate (Resource)

Provides a Sonarqube Quality Gate resource. This can be used to create and manage Sonarqube Quality Gates and their Conditions.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sonarqube_qualitygate" "main" {
  name       = "example"
  is_default = true

  condition {
    metric    = "new_coverage"
    op        = "LT"
    threshold = "50"
  }

  condition {
    metric    = "vulnerabilities"
    threshold = "10"
    op        = "GT"
  }
}
```

**Disclaimer: Operator Requirement for Grade Rating Conditions**

When working with grade rating conditions, (A-D), it is important to note that the "GT" (greater than) operator must be used for the `op` field. This is due to SonarQube's API design. More information can be found in this [issue](https://github.com/jdamata/terraform-provider-sonarqube/issues/171).

For example, if you are using a grade rating metric such as `new_reliability_rating`, where A represents the highest rating and subsequent letters represent lower ratings, you need to supply the `op` field with "GT" via the provider. Using "LT" will return an error from SonarQube's API:

```terraform
    condition {
        metric    = "new_reliability_rating"
        op        = "GT"
        threshold = "1"
    }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Quality Gate to create. Maximum length 100

### Optional

- `condition` (Block List) A list of conditions that the gate uses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition))
- `copy_from` (String) Name of an existing Quality Gate to copy from
- `is_default` (Boolean) When set to true this Quality Gate is set as default

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Required:

- `metric` (String) Condition metric.

  Only metrics of the following types are allowed:

  - INT
  - MILLISEC
  - RATING
  - WORK_DUR
  - FLOAT
  - PERCENT
  - LEVEL.

  The following metrics are forbidden:

  - alert_status
  - security_hotspots
  - new_security_hotspots
- `op` (String) Condition operator. Possible values are: LT and GT
- `threshold` (String) Condition error threshold (For ratings: A=1, B=2, C=3, D=4)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
